Validation: description-missing fixes. (#239)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/modules/autosuggest-module/address-object.md

---
title: "Address Object (Autosuggest Module) | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the address object, which represents a structured address, and provides a list of related properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the address object, which represents a structured address, and descriptions of its properties.
```
